Oh, so you knew about that?
I see.
Well, I can't help it.
As you wish.
I'm the coach of the Oscar boys.
Yes, sir.
What? What? What?
Don't be a fool.
Be quiet.
Well, I wonder if I'll be able to play such a great piece.
Well, I'll tell you everything.
Listen carefully.
Well?
The evil and the strong are all based on good.
As I said, the parents' grief is not good.
To save the life of their daughters, they hide in the ruins of the people of Harajitakumin.
The director of the Oscar boys is the director of the Oscar boys.
The director of the Oscar boys is hiding in the ruins of the people of Harajitakumin.
Fortunately, he is not dead by the clothes.
He is dead by the hair.
He is not dead by the hair.
He is a devil who has been working hard to get to the house of the god of the
God of the Izumo.
If you put a rotten medicine on it, you will not be able to get rid of it.
But if you are stung by a bug or a star and you are fed up,
you can't get rid of it.
Do you want to tell me the name of the story and give it to me?
Or do you want to put it in a safe place and let it go?
I can't give you one answer.